
## Directory Design
The directory structure is as follows:

```
├───OutputData [ignored by github folder]
├───OutputData_LogFiles [ignored by github folder]
├───SampleOutputData [manually added to github repository to show example results]
└───pyncoda
    ├───CommunitySourceData
    │   ├───api_census_gov
```

The pyncoda directory contains the source code to replicate the data.
In the pyncoda directory, the notebook file `ncoda_06dv1_run_HUI_v2_workflow.ipynb` is the notebook file that contains the workflow for the data replication.

The replication code creates the folder `OutputData` to store the data files and log files. This folder is not included in the GitHub repository or the DesignSafe-CI archive.
The folder `OutputData` is ignored by github and was removed to limit the size of the DesignSafe-CI archive. The file `directory_file_tree_2021-04-01.txt` contains an archive of all files generated by the replication code.

The `Archive` directory contains the program files that were used to develop code but are no longer needed. These files are kept in case the code needs to be reused.

The folder `pyncoda` contains the source code to replicate the data - this source code archives the version of the code at the time the data was generated. A current version of the source code is available on GitHub at https://github.com/npr99/intersect-community-data/.

Within the `pyncoda` folder the folder `CommunitySourceData` contains the code to obtain, clean, and process the source data for a community. For the Housing Unit Inventory the source data is obtained from the Census Bureau API (apo.census.gov). The folder name `api_census_gov` reflects the url where the source data can be found - note that underscores (`_`) are used in place of `.` to allow for the folder to be used as part of the python package.

The folder `OutputData_LogFiles` is included in the DesignSafe archive but ignored by github. This directory contains the log files generated by the replication code. This folder was created manually to archive the details stored in the log files. The log files include all of the weblinks, and steps in the workflow.
